Question 1 : 
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file 
help you see the bug that was introduced?

Answer :
faster way to track down differences between the previous working version 
and the actual version that is not working. 
For very long files it can make a big difference in time saving


Question 2 : 
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you 
a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Answer : 
It allows you to solve your errors faster. and therefore spend more time on improving your knowledge of the code rather than find a typo

Question 3:
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Answer :
You can choose exactly when to save, which allows you to have working and finished blocks and not random saved points were the code won’t be working

Question 4 : 
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Answer : 
It allows you to have a working code. If files were saved separately when you would retrieve them, they might not work together as the files haven’t been saved at the same time

Question 5 : 
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Answer :
git log gives you the full history with comments, and git diff will allow you to zoom in on the changes between 2 commits allowing you to understand what has changed in your code

Question 6 :
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Answer : 
OK to make hard changes because you know you will be able to revert back to the latest version used that worked with the log and the diff commands in git

Question 7 : 
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Answer : 
Build up a website to sell things or launch a business
